[WHOOSH]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Randy Cramer.
Randy shares with
us his experience
in the Secret Space Program
called the Earth Defense Force.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
Good to be here
>> Well, there are what you
refer to as these bad actors
out there.
What do you mean by that?
>> Well, statistically, we find
that of the species that we
encounter, we have a breakdown
that we call the 95/5.
Which means
approximately 95% of them
are more interested in trade
and friendly relations,
than they are being hostile.
It's that 5% that we refer
to as the bad actors.
Because they're not
necessarily interested
in some form of kind,
reasonable trade prospect.
They would rather steal things,
raid things, scavenge things,
pirate things, or conquer
things in such a way that
are less than friendly.
But it's the 95/5 ratio
that we talk about.
And when we're talking about
tens of thousands of species,
5% can be a lot.
5% can be a pretty
good-sized number.
>> What type of beings?
And why are they bad actors?
>> Well, let's start with
a couple of the classics.
Some people are familiar with
the Draconians and the Zeta
Reticulins.
And so, these are
bad actors who are
using the advanced
technology that they
have for genetic alteration.
To cripple a species.
To make them compliant
as slave labor.
To draw resources from.
Use as a food source.
Or to hybridize
genetics between--
we're not talking
about the Zetas--
in order for the Zetas
to create hybrid children
to get some of their
evolutionary soul back,
as it were.
It's complicated subject that
I won't spend too much time on.
But those are the, sort
of, classic bad actors
that we understand
who don't necessarily
like to play by the rules.
Don't necessarily like to
obey intergalactic norms.
But we have other
bad actors other
than planetary conquerors.
You have scavengers
who are a threat
to just show up, grab
or steal something
that they can grab a quantity
of in a short amount of time
and then run away with it.
You have mercenaries.
>> What are these plasmin
mercenaries you speak of?
>> Sure.
So plasmin mercenaries come from
a species in the Hydra system.
They are a plasmid, which means
that they are what appears
to be a gelatinous liquid.
That seems to have almost,
like, neon-colored lights inside
of them.
And they're shape-shifters.
>> Oh, I've worked
on these beings.
>> Yeah.
They're weird.
And their ability
to take that mass
and move it into different
shapes, different textures
makes them ideal to be sneaky.
So they've accepted that
role in the universe--
that they're really good at
being sneaky and pretending
to be other things.
Which makes them good to
be mercenaries, assassins,
and so forth.
Because they are fine to do
it for profit and for money.
And they don't really
care, otherwise.
I'd say, as a species,
they lack some
of what we consider to be
the ethical moral center.
Doesn't mean that they're
all bad or evil or nefarious.
It just means they, kind of,
don't care about other people's
moral or ethical standards.
And they'll, pretty much, do
whatever serves their interest.
>> What jurisdiction do
they fall under, then?
Who is protecting us
from these mercenaries?
>> Well, because they're not a
large military force or a large
planetary conquering force,
they fall under the jurisdiction
of local law enforcement.
So whatever is the local
investigating law enforcement
apparatus in the
corner of the galaxy
that you might be in would
fall under their jurisdiction.
In the case of
our own system, we
have our own
investigative personnel
and our own law enforcement
personnel who deal with that.
And who investigate
and will arrest.
And, in some cases, even
imprison them, if necessary.
Often, the military
ends up being
the persons who are
apprehending or capturing them
in the first place.
But usually then,
they're turned over.
>> Are they like space pirates?
They're just all over
the place spread out?
>> Well, they're mercenaries.
We kind of think
about pirates as being
this other slice of the pie.
So if I was going to continue
to talk about other bad actors,
I could go from plasmid
mercenaries to pirates.
And so piracy, it's
not just for the 1700s.
Essentially, there are trade
vehicles going back and forth
all the time.
You have places in space
that are very secure, very
well-monitored.
And then you have places that
are less monitored, less,
sort of, policed, which makes
it ripe for pirate activity.
So if pirates get wind of
a trade root of something
that could be valuable
for them to steal,
then they just might come
along and rob your ship
and steal from you.
And if they're, sort of,
the kinder, gentler variety
of pirate, they'll
just take your stuff.
If they're the nastier
strain of pirate,
they might take
you and your stuff.
And sell you into slavery
or keep you as slaves.
Or eat you.
Or whatever other thing
that you might be good for.
So, again, pirates are different
classes of different persons
within different species.
So, again, these aren't
organized military factions.
They can be privateers
of certain species
who have access to
space technology.
Or, in some cases, these
can be individual ships
who have accumulated a
broad spectrum of species
into their crews of--
again, much the way in
which pirates and privateers
of terrestrial past did--
you hire whoever is
ready to be a pirate.
Whoever is ready to
sign on and do whatever.
To steal the goods and
party about it later.
So pirates are kind of pirates.
But it's a thing.
It's a crime and
punishment issue, for sure.
>> Maybe you can validate
something for me.
Because it's not firsthand
information for me.
It was second-hand
information given to me.
We have mafias here
on planet Earth.
Politicians, the police can get
paid off to do certain things.
I was told that there actually
is, like, different types
of space mafias out there.
That trade goes on to
allow certain entrances
to certain systems, to
basically, plunder and steal.
Is that really
happening out there?
>> Well, if we're
going down the list.
We cover mercenaries, pirates,
and then crime syndicates.
And mobster-style
organizations, which certainly,
are also out there.
So, again, this comes down
to an issue of policing.
And when you have
areas of space which
are heavily regulated
and policed,
you have less criminal activity.
In areas where it's a
little iffy, you have,
again, syndicates
of organized ships
that have enough
muscle to say, oh, this
is a dangerous place
for space pirates.
We'll escort your cargo
from point A to point B.
And it will only
cost you this much.
And if you don't pay, then
our friends, the pirates,
will steal your stuff and
then we'll get it anyway.
Or then we'll charge
you to go get your stuff
and bring it back to you.
And we'll get you
a portion of it
for a certain amount of money.
And then we'll still
get to keep them out.
And so when there's areas that
are less regulated and less
policed, then you
have crime syndicates
who recognize that
there's huge profits
to be made in piracy
and protection
and all of the other things--
contraband.
There are systems that forbid
certain trading materials.
That forbid certain
chemical substances.
>> So what other species
are involved with this?
>> When you're talking about
pirates and crime syndicates,
it can be a real
interesting hodgepodge.
But when you're talking
about these larger
groups of bad
actors, again, you've
got Draconians, Zeta Reticulins.
Some hostile, aggressive,
carnivorous insectoid species.
So it is rare, but we do
have a few really hostile
insectoid species out there.
>> You mentioned the Zetas.
What do they look like?
I know there's many species.
And what is their
function out there
in this hodgepodge of
diabolical take over?
>> The Zetas themselves tend
to work for other species.
But also working for
themselves at the same time,
while working for
those other species.
So they'll take a job
with another species
to manage a system.
But they're going to
do some other things
that they want to do that will
benefit their own interest
in that system.
You have the general
characteristics
that people are familiar
with, which is the big head.
The big round eyes.
The body type is where
we see some variation.
So what people are used to
seeing in artistic or media
representation is
this small-bodied Zeta
with the big head.
That's typical of the scientist
caste or the piloting caste.
But the warrior caste
which they have,
physically are much larger.
They can be much taller.
They can be quite a bit beefier.
And their heads can
be quite a bit larger.
The way that we usually identify
the different subcategories
of the Reticulins is
often by skin color.
It's sort of a
racial distinction.
>> What kind of colors?
>> Well, people often
refer to the Grays,
but they're not gray.
They're actually,
more of an off-white.
So we internally refer
to them as whites.
Turns out, there's also
a dark, dark purple.
But there's also a couple
of off-brown colors.
Kind of, a coppery brown color.
There's a muddy brown color.
And there's even a green color--
dark forest green.
So there are a few
different colors.
And they come in
some different sizes,
depending on what
their job in the caste
or in that particular
subspecies is.
>> Can that species
intermingle and produce?
>> They can, for the most part.
They're so genetically
similar that they
do have genetic compatibility.
One of the traits
of the Reticulins,
though, is that
because they have
done their own genetic
augmentation for so long,
they stopped reproducing
biologically.
So most of them, if they
have any left over genitalia,
they're not functional.
They're impotent.
So I don't know how many of them
are actually physically capable
of biological
reproduction since they
have been using artificial
biological reproduction
in the laboratory for so long.
I think that's one
of the problems
that they've been
having to work out.
And why they want
to make hybrids
so that they can regain some of
the things that they have lost.
But they are technically
genetically compatible.
>> And who's in charge
with that species?
Saying, OK, we're going to grow
a few thousand of us this year.
How do they increase
their numbers?
And who's in charge of
that, in that species?
>> They run off some different
authoritarian systems.
So they have a pretty
strict hierarchy.
And the beings that are at the
top are very much in charge
and very much dictate everything
that's happening below them.
And a lot of that has
to do with the way
that they are
genetically engineered.
Their brains, their cranium
size that gives them
greater psionic ability,
greater intellectual capacity
than their lower drone subjects.
So there are upper echelons
within each organization,
but they have different
authoritarian structures.
So they're not exactly the same.
But let's just say that
they're, very simply,
tiny number at the top.
Larger numbers at the bottom.
And, pretty much,
everything that
happens below the
top of the pyramid
is decided by the
top of the pyramid.
>> How old can they live for?
>> Thousands of years,
my understanding.
Their lifespan
biologically is somewhere
between about 1,500
and 3,000 years.
>> Amazing.
>> And with, obviously,
artificial cellular
regeneration, they can maintain
their lifespans longer.
But I understand
their natural lifespan
is a couple of thousand years.
>> What about these insectoids?
>> So let me talk for a second
about insects here on planet
Earth, especially ant species.
Because there's a
correlation here.
So ant species on
planet Earth are
mostly, nonviolently, hostilely,
carnivorously aggressive.
You have ant species
that act, essentially,
as agriculturalists
who will take out
every plant within a
certain radius of the hive,
except for one or two plants.
And then harvest
those like farmers.
You have ants that
use little aphids
like as a herding animal.
And they carry them
out of the hive.
Put them on the leaves.
And the little aphids
eat the leaves.
And then they milk
glucagon off of the aphid
and eat the glucagon.
Essentially, they're functioning
as a herding animal like cows.
You have an interesting
wide variety
of the way in which ant
species terrestrially function.
But you do have driver ants.
Driver ants are
incredibly hostile.
They are carnivorous.
They will eat anything.
They have been known to
take down tethered horses,
unattended infants.
Anything that they can
get their pincers on.
And will take them apart
one little piece at a time
and devour them.
So when we talk about
insectoid species
in the intergalactic community,
there's a similar pattern.
Which is most of the
species that we run into
can be defensive.
Can be very fierce
in a defensive way
if you're territorially
next to them
or attacking them
or threatening them.
Like many of the ant
species that we have here
will come rushing out of their
hive and bite you and say, hey.
Get the heck away from me.
But you don't have too many
hyper-aggressive carnivorous
species.
>> How large are these beings?
>> The species that
we're the most familiar--
becoming the most familiar
with at the moment,
they probably stand somewhere
between about 7 and 8 feet
tall.
They're pretty big.
>> Bipedal?
>> They walk on four and
use their two upper arms
as manipulative digits.
So they're pretty big.
They're pretty scary.
Big mandibles.
Carnivorous.
So they will bite
off a person's head.
Eat people.
Tear people apart.
Use humans or other biological
animals as food source
or other species
as a food source.
I'd say that they're
very similar to driver
ants in the sense that
they're relentlessly
aggressive and hostile.
And will do their
best that they can
to consume whatever
biological physiological
resources that they need
when they come into a system
that they've decided to target.
>> Now, I've heard many stories
and interviewed many people
about what had happened
near Crestone, Colorado,
where they sent the Marines in
to gas out this group of ant
beings.
And it turned horribly wrong.
And the Marines actually
tried to put the gas in there
and came back out.
And they were all
infected and they
had to call civilian helicopters
in to rescue these people.
It was a covert operation to
drive them out and kill them.
In the Sangre de Cristo
Mountains, I think it's called.
>> The Sangre de
Cristo Mountains.
>> Thank you.
What could you tell me
about-- is that these beings?
Or is it a different
race here on Earth?
>> My understanding was that
this was a visiting insectoid
species.
It was not the terrestrial
insectoid species.
That they were exhibiting
unfriendly characteristics
that we deemed was
necessary to want to evict
from this particular territory.
As this is also an
area in which there
are underground military
bases functioning.
So it was determined
that this is
an outside insectoid species.
They're not cooperating.
They're not friendly.
They're too close to
military installations.
Let's see if we can't gas
them out and get rid of them.
And yes, apparently
from what I understand,
it did go very badly.
>> And that Colorado Great
Sand Dunes, is that part of--
was that formed
from anything to do
with the insectoids thousands of
years ago or millions of years
ago?
>> I think that, that had
something to do with tunneling
excavation.
Which, if you've ever seen
ants excavate out a tunnel,
they take all these
little grains of sand,
and push them out, and
make these little mounds
on the ground as they excavate.
So my understanding
is it's likely
that was from
excavation of tunnels
that was just pushed out.
>> From like an ancient
ant civilization.
>> Thousands of years ago.
Thousands-- at
least of years ago.
>> And that's why, maybe, they
returned to Mount Blanca Peak
there.
>> If there's a hive that was
emptied out some long time ago,
it becomes an attractive space
to another insectoid species
or another hive settling group.
In the same way if a
hive of ants left a hive
and decided to move somewhere
else and, all of a sudden,
you've got this
empty tunnel system,
could become attractive to
another species of ant nearby.
And could say, hey, look.
We've already got this tunnel
system that's already dug in.
Let's move in.
Same thing could happen in
this situation, where you've
got a much larger
tunnel system that
was built by a previous
insectoid species that was then
vacated for whatever reason.
And then you have another
species of insectoid
comes along and goes, oh, look.
A perfectly good
tunneled out system
that we can just move into.
We don't have to dig.
We don't have to excavate.
>> In addition to them
being muscular and strong,
do they have psionic abilities?
Do they have any other
special abilities?
Mind control or
anything like that?
>> They have some
psionic abilities.
I wouldn't say that their
offensive psionic abilities
are strong.
So it's not like they have
strong telekinesis, strong mind
control, strong ability
to manipulate matter
and energy with their minds.
But they do have the ability to
communicate, read minds, read
people telepathically, read
psionically, communicate
psionically.
So they have a rudimentary
psionic ability based
on their evolutionary need.
But for whatever reason, they
haven't, what I would say,
evolved towards psionic
offensive ability.
Because it's not something
that they've moved towards.
They still seem
to prefer numbers.
Lots of attacking
soldier drones.
>> What is their main function
and concern in the universe?
Like, what's their purpose?
Do they like to mine?
Do they like to cultivate?
Do they like to inhabit
worlds and take over?
Do they have any agenda?
>> So my understanding is the
worlds that they primarily
occupy have been drained
of mineral resources,
water resources.
They're fairly consumptive.
And they have no problem in
making a hive here, making
a hive here, making a hive here,
and becoming very dense, as
far as how they
occupy certain space.
And as they've done that, not
unlike the way in which we have
done that here on
planet Earth, is we
have had more and more people
occupying more dense space.
We consume more.
And so they consume
more minerals.
They consume more water.
They consume more food.
They are interested in having a
complex functional space fleet.
That means that they have to
have industrial technology.
That means they have to
convert minerals to materials.
Materials to vehicles
and technology
that requires a tremendous
amount of resource.
So the hive intelligence
is willing to sacrifice
any part of its lesser
self to achieve its goal.
So their way of becoming
space-faring attackers
follows that model.
They are willing to make massive
space fleets that they are
willing to throw at the wall.
And they don't care how
many ships they lose.
They don't care how
many soldiers they lose.
That's not the point.
The point is to have
a lot of everything.
Throw a lot of
something at a problem.
And overwhelm that
system with more ships,
more bodies without any
care OR consideration
how much you lose.
And if that's your attitude,
then your overall model
is going to be one
where you're going
to need to be producing
or taking more minerals,
making more
materials so that you
can replenish the drones and
the ships that you're losing.
To be honest, they're
kind of wasteful.
And being as wasteful as they
are, they need more resources.
So they're mostly looking for
planetary systems that have
the minerals that they need.
Food source that they need.
Water that they need.
So that they can continue
to feed, water, and provide
minerals to the
civilized over really
populated densified civilized
structures that they have,
whose only goal is to make
more ships, more soldiers,
and acquire more materials.
>> Have you come across a
species that's not carbon-based
or bipedal?
>> Certainly a species
that's not carbon-based.
And certainly some
that are not bipedal.
But a lot of the species
that we run into,
for interesting reasons
that I think we're still
trying to figure out,
what some people call
the star-shaped model--
two arms, two legs,
with the head on top--
it is very common.
It's very common.
But we do experience
some other species
who have more appendages.
And, again, not just
insectoid species.
But higher mammalian
species that
have more legs or
more arms, which can
be a little weird and strange.
But that happens.
And I have seen
mineral-based species
who are like silicone-based.
So they're essentially, made
of a mineral content, which
also has a water content to it.
So think of a crystal
that you could
hold in your hand that holds
a certain amount of moisture
in it so that it's
mineral-based.
It's a crystalline structure.
But--
>> It's malleable.
>> Squishy.
>> Yeah.
>> So yeah.
So I think of a crystal
that would be squishy,
but still made of a crystalline
structure because it has
fluid into it, of some kind.
Some sort of mineral fluid
or hydrostatic content to it.
>> And these are
conscious beings?
>> Absolutely.
The ones that I've encountered
also bipedal, as it turns.
Out.
So they got the two
arms, two legs, head.
But yeah, they're made
of complete silicone,
crystalline mineral structure.
>> How large are they?
>> The ones that I have
seen are, what I would say,
is within human scope.
So kind of between the
5 to 6 feet tall-ish.
So about the same
size as we are.
>> Do they have eyes,
and ears, and mouth?
>> Yeah.
They eat food.
Not the same kind of
food we obviously eat.
They eat other mostly
mineral content.
But, again, mineral
content that has a water
content of some kind
or oily minerals
of some kind that are the stuff
that their bodies run off of.
They have very different
biological structures as far
as internal organs
and processes.
But also similar, from
what I understand.
So they have a biological brain.
They have biological
fluid pumping systems.
But instead of the
cellular structure
being based on carbon,
they're based on silicone.
In a very similar way,
the biological life
that's carbon-based operates,
but it's also really unique
that it's being evolved out of
this silicon-based structure.
>> Are these bad actors
in conflict with humans?
>> Wherever we run into them and
that they don't feel like they
want to play nice
and cooperate, yeah.
We're in conflict with them.
Other species are in
conflict with them.
>> And you dealt with this
in a combat situation,
with some these.
>> Some the them, yes.
Absolutely.
>> And which ones
can you divulge?
Which species that you
were in conflict with?
>> I've certainly encountered
plasmid mercenaries.
We've encountered
Zeta Reticulins.
I've encountered Draconians.
We've encountered a few other
low level aggressive species,
which aren't a
threat to us, per se,
but that we've had to
deal with as aggressors
to other friends of ours that
we stepped in to assist with.
>> Is this happening
today, Randy?
Is this still going on?
>> Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Right this very minute.
>> Randy, can you give me an
example of this going on today?
>> Sure.
We've been receiving
some intelligence
that we have become
a target of interest
for these aggressive insectoids.
We think that there
is a reasonable chance
that we might see them here in
our own system sometime soon.
>> Actually coming to Earth
or just making their presence
known in our system?
>> I believe from
the intelligence that
we're receiving, we would see
them make landfall on planet
Earth.
>> And how does that look
for us for the future?
>> Like an alien invasion.
>> What's the best way to
combat these insectoids?
>> Probably with some of the
technology that we've been
using already.
So hydraulically-operated
battle suits, plasma rifles,
Gauss rifles.
You want something that has
higher penetration power as far
as a projectile or something
that has a higher melting
point, like a plasma ball.
So against the
exoskeletons, which
are very resilient and most lead
bullets would just bounce off.
>> I've had worked on some
of these insectoids before
in the projects.
And their exoskeletons, some of
them were like 3 inches thick.
And bulletproof for
our normal bullets.
And they were using
special heat rounds.
Do you know about this?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
They're definitely--
the thick exoskeletons
are what we call, sort of,
nigh bulletproof or near
bulletproof.
Which doesn't mean that you
can't get a Sable around
from a .50 caliber
rifle through one.
You can, sometimes.
But for most of what we consider
our standard projectiles
that we fire out of rifles
or smaller caliber machine
guns, handheld machine
guns, and rifles, yeah.
You're not going to get the
penetration that you need.
So you either need a different
alloy or a phosphorus round
or a rifle that heats up the
round before it goes out.
Or, again, a plasma
rifle so that you're
getting that thousands
of degrees ball of plasma
that melts right through.
>> Is there an agenda that
you can share with us?
And are they already
preparing in space something
to, maybe, block them from
entering our atmosphere?
>> So let me give a little bit
of military history 101 here.
So any time you have a level
of military technology--
and you can go all the way
back to catapults and crossbows
and metal armor,
to anything that's
way more advanced-- any time
that you have a situation where
someone has certain technology,
it's good at that time.
You do the best that
you can with it.
But nothing's ever, usually,
perfect, impenetrable,
unbeatable.
So whatever technology that we
have in operation right now,
it's good.
It's really good.
Doesn't mean that it's perfect.
Doesn't mean that we can prevent
any attack from getting close.
Doesn't mean that we
can prevent all of them.
Doesn't mean that we can
prevent every single ship.
It's really going to
depend on some numbers.
How many ships are
they going to bring?
How many ships do we have?
How many ships do
we have dedicated
to any other necessary projects
that we have them dedicated to?
Or how many ships
do we have dedicated
to other military
operations that
would be problematic
to simply pull from?
We're going to have to
deal with what we've got.
And so we're going to use
the best of what we have.
We're going to use the
best tactics that we have.
We're going to use everything
that we have been learning
as a defensive and offensive
space-faring military species
now-- which we are.
But in no way, shape, or form
should we expect perfection out
of that.
Especially with a species
that has got some experience
at being hostile.
>> Randy, what other intel can
you share with us about this
insectoid invasion on Earth?
>> Well, there are certain
senior military officials who
may not be thrilled about
the idea of facing a hostile
extraterrestrial
force on planet Earth.
There are also
those who understand
that if we don't come
to a disclosure event,
we're going to be
in bigger trouble
than if we do have
a disclosure of it.
One of the problems we
may be having with that
is getting people to agree.
So if some senior
military personnel
were to see the potential
for an invasion,
that might be the
very opportunity
that they would need to get
a forced disclosure event.
So not unlike Pearl
Harbor, where someone maybe
knows that something's
coming and they kind of just
let it slip through
the cracks anyway,
because they feel like they
need to based on a larger
military agenda.
>> This could seriously dissolve
the human population quickly.
>> Or bring us
together very quickly.
>> Right.
I see that.
>> Yeah.
And if anyone looking around at
what's happening in the world,
we're at each other's throats.
And might just be
the perfect time
to come together for fighting
against the hostile exterior
force.
>> Are you aware of the
secret space force heading out
and heading them off
before they get here?
>> I would think that there's
going to be some of that
for sure.
But a lot of that, again, is
going to depend on numbers.
When we actually see an
approaching set of ships coming
our way, then we
can do some math
and decide whether you want to
send anything to meet them out.
Try and soften them up
before they get close.
Or whether you're just going to
stand back in the best defense
that you have and wait
for the first impact
and then deal with it.
>> Do they have fighter ships?
>> They do.
But mostly what
they do is landers.
So they will have big ships
that have smaller ships.
And in those landers will
have lots of soldier drones.
And the landers will drop off.
And they're giant bugs.
So they like to do things
like giant bugs do,
which is get on the
ground and overwhelm.
>> Are there any
extraterrestrial allies with
the humans that would maybe step
it up and help us combat these
insectoids?
>> Absolutely.
Again, the minutia
of that is debate.
So let's just say we
have the potential of--
I'll simplify the numbers--
let's say we have 10 friends
that might be able to help out.
Might be willing to
come to our assistance.
Then you have to ask,
again, minutia questions,
like, how many soldiers,
ships, and personnel
can that species lend to us?
How much can they
afford to, say,
based on whatever
other interactions
that they're having
in their own space
or in other areas where
they're dedicating personnel
and military hardware.
So how much can they give us?
What's it going to cost?
Not that it's necessarily got a
specific price tag that's like,
well, it's going to
cost us this much.
You have to pay us this much.
It may be more like let's
renegotiate this trade contract
and then we'll be happy
to jump in and throw
this many carriers, destroyers,
thousands of personnel
to assist the process.
So there is just some
discussion over what's
an acceptable agreement to them,
that we can agree to that they
can be willing to help.
Which is the same
kind of a discussion
that someone would
have with us if they
wanted us to come help them.
It's like, well, here's
what we can dedicate.
If we, maybe, shift the trade
contract, we can do this.
Dedicate for X amount
of weeks, months, years,
this much personnel.
So as they say, the
devil's in the details.
So we have friends,
but there's going
to be some discussion over
who can show up with how much.
>> What do you think about the
extraterrestrial civilizations
that I'm aware of and you're
aware of that are living
in the oceans and
the inner Earth.
How are they going to respond
to this surface battle?
Do you think that
the Reptilians are
going to come out and assist?
Do you think the Aquafarians
are going to come out?
And what's your take on that?
>> That's going to depend
on some different factors.
So depending on just how good
are negotiations right now
are with those other
terrestrial species will depend.
But we also know that some of
their attitude for a long time
has been surface
world's your problem.
Like, if they're attacking major
cities on the surface world,
it's not our problem.
If they're not
coming underground,
if they're not coming
into the ocean,
well, they're not
threatening us personally.
So we're not sure
whether we want
to get involved and poke
that monster in the eye.
And get them to start attacking
us if they're not attacking us.
So they will have
to ask themselves
the question of what it's
worth to them or worth the risk
to get involved.
Or whether it's
just, a viable option
to give us some technology,
give us some ships,
give us some soldiers, give
us some tech that we can use.
Or whether they would
really get involved
with their own
military apparatus.
Those are all
interesting questions
that I don't think we have
the answer to right now,
but we're going to
find out soon enough.
>> Now I was privy to some
documentation that did show
that there was communication
with the inner Earth
extraterrestrials and
other extraterrestrials
on the planet.
And because we've been so
negligent to the surface
of the planet and the
oceans, they actually
are, kind of, like,
well, if something
were to happen, maybe that'll
just help clean up the surface.
Because these humans are
not respecting Gaia--
Mother Earth.
And they're poisoning
some of their--
we're poisoning the land.
We're poisoning
underneath the land.
We're poisoning the water.
And they use this stuff
for survival down there.
So there also might
be an agenda we're
let them just clean it up so
we don't have to deal with it.
And then we'll take over later.
>> I would suggest based on the
information that I have also
heard that we have a,
let's just call it,
a positive friendly
relationship with these folks.
But you're correct.
They might look at the
situation and go, well,
I'll tell you what.
If you get down to
3 billion people
and you still haven't
sorted it out,
maybe we'll jump in and
help you at that point.
But you know what?
We think you probably
got too many people.
And you're making
too much garbage
and you're making
too much pollution.
So maybe you guys
would be better off
without a few people.
So maybe we don't need
to jump in and help
right now because
this could all just
work for the benefit and
the health and well-being
of the planet overall.
Which some people may think of
as a less than compassionate
attitude, but it's a
big picture attitude.
>> It's a survival.
>> If the big picture is
survival of the entire planet
and not just one
group or species,
then that's a viable
way of looking at it.
>> Right.
As Ronald Reagan said, if
we had an alien threat, how
all of our differences
would just come to an end
and work together.
>> Absolutely.
I think that the social
psychological assessment
of the varying social
psychological demographics
indicate that
that's very likely.
That with the presence
of a hostile threat
from outside that,
more than not,
people will come together
and work together
for a common goal.
>> Randy, an amazing story.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
It's always my
pleasure to be here.
>> I'm Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]